Game idea:
Make this an RPG dungeon crawler, we gunna have to change most rooms and add a bunch more monsters but i think the idea of an explorer trying to get wealthy will help make the game an actual game and give us ideas and something better to work with. 

Title: Text Dungeon?

Intro: You are a young explorer looking to rid the world of evil, conquer the darkness! You have arrived at the entrence of a dungeon notorious for all the adventurers that have gone missing within. But you know that you can defeat whatever is lurking in the depths of the dungeon. And so you decend into the darkness below...

Monster ideas:
Spooder
Blurg
Skelly
Zombo
Chompy
Sewer monster
Mega Blurg
Rat
Boog
Big Boog
Swarm of flies

Bosses:
Mama Spooder
Blurg King
Rat Prince [attack should inflict poison amage]
https://ibb.co/j5rYD7P
made by lirynx
Lord of Flies

Levels idea: The exit of a level in a dungeon is on the outer edge so you can explore, fight , and gain monies and items that you will need as you go through the rest of the dungeon. At the exit you will either have to pay to pass, do a task, fight a boss, or simply just pass through.

Message when decending to the next level "You decend deeper into the dungeon" 

Change some rooms make them more dungeony and put the gate a little farther out. have the ogre say something about decending to the next level of the dungeon.

Boss unlock idea: You use all the trophies to unlock a final door in the dungeon to fight the boss, we can also change the trophies to keys or stones if you want

Fighting idea: You have 2 things you can do each turn you are able to fight. you also have 2 attacks, The first one does a lot more damage, but uses up both turns and has more of a chance of missing, this is your heavy attack, the 2nd attack does less damage, but only uses 1 turn and is less likely to miss, this is your light attack, you can also eat during the fight to regain health, this uses up one turn, so you can still use your light attack after. Or you can use your light attack twice. Maybe later we can add different gear or somethin that gives you a 3rd thing you can do.

Combo attacks?

During fight you can...
Light attack x1
Light attack x2
Light attack x1 + Eat x1
Eat x1
Eat x2
Heavy attack x1

Monster difficulty levels:
1- Easy to beat, minor inconvenience
2- Slightly harder to beat, takes a little skill
3- Challenge, reqires skill
4- Difficult to kill, takes a lot of skill and quick      thinking, a miniboss monster
5- A boss monster

Different food types:
Moldy food- -10 hp
Old food- +5 hp
Food- +10 hp
Good food- +20 hp

New:
Moldy food- -3 hp
Old food- +3 hp
Food- +7 hp
Good food- +10 hp

Fighting:
lol 69 lines
When entering a room with a mob, one of two things happens
If the mob is a normal monster, it will attack once and then the prompt comes back up. Then you can do one of 3 things. You can either attack (more types of attack get onlicked later), run, or something else. If you attack, the monster takes the requisite amount of damage, as well as other effects associated with teh attack, attacks again, and tehn you're back at the prompt. If you run, you go back to the room you were in. If you do something else, that action completes and then the monster attacks again, with the exception of the following commands:
1. inventory (because that's how it always works)
2. hold (again, thats how it works)
However, if the mob is a neutral type, you will be given the option to battle it instead. Unless you battle it or antagonize it, it will not attack you.

Achivements:
Stacked- Acquire every item in the game
Explorer- Visit every room
Curiosity does not go unrewarded- Use the debug command
Stronk- Kill a monster

Failure- Die over 3 times fighting the same monster
Sustained- Eat some food 

Behind the Gate:
An armory containing some armor and maybe some weapons

Endgame idea:
things in the dungeon are being held captive by the boss monster, (try to incorperate this into the story) and you need to kill it and save them. Change ogre dialouge to say he is guarding the armory because the boss monster threatens him, but will let you pass for 10 monies, maybe a ghost in the dungeon that tells you about the boss, and something in the intro 
